Look, look, look, this is the level of college students.
Secret design. When I was in college,
The design is out of this world.
You are still awesome.
Fortunately, look at your strength.
The dress was designed and handed over for disassembly.
Otherwise, take this kind of thing out. Our road is a designed face.
Keep letting it out of the cold and throw it in.
Yes, yes, I am very lucky too.
Madam, this is the red dress I designed for you
conduct official business
The inspiration for this dress
Film roles shortlisted for Principles in Your Heart
Lingke's designs can complement your elegant play
It's not quite as tight as the repair strip. I'm sorry.
Please ask
Love this dress
Are you dissatisfied?
I can feel right
The dress is beautiful
That spirit is
This dress is beautiful
Because it is the most decorated designer in the history of Milan
Ruka’s paving and injection team three years ago
Can I mention that I've worn it to a few inline international film festivals?
And be able to read the other party in the future
This lady
Don't you know
This must be a misunderstanding
The year our family comforted Lin
And the best woman award is close to each other
The impact on this cluster is too profound
You come up with a design like this
Let's see both
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Sorry for the misunderstanding just now
I hope this design draft will satisfy you